---
layout: post
title: "Artwork"
date: 2023-06-10 12:00:00 -0400
categories: [artwork]
img: /artwork/pen/IMG_2265.jpg
---

Over the years I hope to gradually improve my artwork. I'm primarily interested in sketching and painting, and often landscapes. These subjects tend to compliment my other hobbies such as hiking.

When travelling I find a quick sketch to be the best way to capture an environment. The emotion of the scene can be replicated in a way that a quick photograph does not. Additionally, it forces you to actually sit down and _really_ observe the environment.

{% include image.html
file = "artwork/pen/IMG_2265.jpg"
caption = "Spectacle Head, Cupids NL"
%}

Just visible near the top of Spectacle hill is the [American Man](https://townofcupids.ca/spectacle-head-trail/). This was the subject of many dog walks.

Earliest on I mostly did acrylic. Generally these would be done in one or two nights. Any larger projects feel too indimidating. I found I was pretty surprise with how much I liked working blending large blocks of colour.

{% include image.html
file = "artwork/acrylic/20201215_190301.jpg"
caption = "Various acrylic, most now donated to the circular filing cabinet"
%}

I eventually moved a little more towards watercolour. I find it is faster and the equipment is much smaller. This makes it well suited to hiking and travelling. It is however less forgiving, but since I generally stick to very small work, this does not tend to be a huge problem.

{% include image_grid.html
imgs = "IMG_0898.jpg,IMG_1840.jpg,IMG_1948.jpg,IMG_6063.jpg,IMG_6289.jpg,IMG_7319.jpg,IMG_9745.jpg,20210403_192727.jpg,20210529_141156.jpg,20210529_141200.jpg,20210905_203208.jpg"
prefix = "artwork/watercolour"
%}

I particularly enjoyed this circular series of watercolours. They were sized such that they could fit under the lid of a mason jar. They were given to friends and family along with homemade jam.

{% include image_grid.html
imgs = "IMG_7492.jpg,IMG_7091.jpg,IMG_7292.jpg"
prefix="artwork/watercolour"
%}

Most recently I have been focussing on pen. It is very unforgiving, but very satisfying. I have done some work in pencil, but find I struggle to get any clear drawings. Everything in pencil just dissolves into mush. With pen I am unable to do this.

{% include image_grid.html
imgs="IMG_0428.jpg,IMG_0680.jpg,IMG_1700.jpg,IMG_1730.jpg,IMG_3573.jpg,IMG_1933.jpg,IMG_2128.jpg,IMG_2276.jpg,IMG_2277.jpg,IMG_2278.jpg"
prefix="artwork/pen"
%}
